here is the first compact in history
of skoda she is called fast space bac
is derived from his cousin the fast
so what are his strengths his
weak points what status
she claims we see that all of
after
the new space waves to fill the
empty that there was in the skoda range
between fabia and octavia so for
to make it simple it is a skoda
faster than one to 20 cm and
which we grafted a hatchback and yes
just here skoda was inspired
of his first cousin the a3 sportback
to get out something pretty
roomy then at the line level
obviously it stays pretty much everywhere
but it's timeless and this is wanted
by skoda
so to finish she measures 4 meters
30 and enters into full competition with
the stars of the category
the peugeot 308 the renault megan the
citroën c4 but be careful here the
philosophy is a different hair
since skoda wants to stay very aggressive
here the leveling and from the bottom we want
really seduce the customer who has
not the means to buy real
compact and those who hesitate with a
versatile as usual here
skoda straddles two categories
when you're on a skoda on
expects to have space and 7 space
dax do not betray the genes of the brand
since habitability is one of the
best of the category whether at
leg level
I made a big jig 1 I can
you say it from the head or shoulders
we are really comfortable
a small flat on the third
passage and that he will have life a little
harder let's continue with the interior
this is a fast skoda layout
with exactly the same dashboard
so its austere but it has the merit
to be pretty well finished as to
equipment we have everything that is done to
the current time in terms of comfort
for all that is a bit high
tech will have to turn to
cousins ​​of the volkswagen group
we think of the 3 golf is there the
men to finish let's talk about the volume
of trunk which is located at 4 115 liters
in other words one of the records of his
segment
welcome aboard this new space
ferry that I remind you is based on
a platform of rapids then for the
little story it's an assemblage
old parts of the group volkswagen
with old skoda models as a result
driving something not
frankly exceptional but not
bad either in the end we have
the impression of driving a
sedan from the early 2000s the
security besides so that remains some
rational thing just like his
engines that for once they are
modern
in essence we have tsi engines in
diesel 2 tdi
today our trial version 90
horses is largely sufficient to fill the
job of the compact we have something
pleasant to use that do not consume
too much that can be a bonus associated with
a box dsg
So, overall well it was worth the
money but not more
skoda take advantage of the fast to pull
a compact sedan then on the paper
we might fear
consequences
but in reality it is not
since we are dealing with a car all
actually correct to start with his
tariffs since it starts at 17 miles
euros count 19 thousand euros for
diesel access
as for the benefits we like
especially volumes to
provision whether it be places
back or chest volume
now regarding driving
for sure we do not reach the leaders
of the category but we are dealing with a
safe and comfortable car
so to those looking for a car
rational with a rational budget 7
space tray is for you the
marketing will take place from
November